As I explained that we weren't perfect.
Some of the we weren't not the perfect some might be warned barbarism of previous rule of the anime
programming table that we are filling your DVD.
If I want some summary some and what are the best complexity of having this are very some we can use
segment driven weekly or if we are not updating it we use pretty big sums if you want.
So very some.
So what is.
Some areas I'm from and this is basic if I'm not going into detail over there, what is a summary some
from L2 out of ordinary?
It is a question, but if it's de la minus.
But if it's something l minus one.
We all know that.
Hey, so I'll utilize this property of prefix sum to find the summary.
Some of this.
Uh, cable.
And in just one step, we will get all the values.
Eight.
So.
Yeah.
So let me come in this out.
Let's come it and.
Let's come in this altar and let's field the final two p values that we want to fill.
Eight Similarly.
So simply let's start.
From.
I goes to one and it's a feeling, Dylan.
They will start from.
So I've always said this.
You do do it yourself, I say, then only watch this.
Happening.
The golden Kia, of course, didn't need to start from zero eight.
Okay, now, guys, what's the next part?
The next part is that people don't want to use this for a loop because it's a it's a suffix.
So.
Yeah, so big victim is the right word.
It's a suffix.
Some from this location to some particular location where it's ending.
What I'll do is I simply say that if I want to find out a suffix, I'm to first of all, let's calculate
the prefix some of the previous rate.
Let's apply this.
Okay.
Let's move from zero to.
You go look.
And let's just say they're deep.
Okay.
Not from zero one.
Will simply that BPI minus one day classic will still be a minus one day minus one.
Why?
Because this is normal traffic so not not much to worry about because already filled it with zero whatever
the DB values have been filled for the previous row.
I'm simply manipulating all those DPI values by picking up at a pixel.
Well, yes.
So it's a normal, perfect sum approach, not big deal.
At this particular voluble lane 42 is actually taking the prefix some 40 above road that is going to
be used for the current eight.
And so what's the next fight here?
The next fight?
Is that okay?
I need to look at NDP values.
So, first of all, let's let's say that DP idea is equal to DP.
A minus one day.
Well, that means I'm saying, okay, that the current CPI is a value.
Whatever it is, it is equal to whatever the prefix sum is or the above rule is this particular location
and then ultimately so protected because all the debris somehow has to lie at the end position at the
G eight at this particular G.
Now, what I do is I simply say that if.
G minus.
Yeah that means okay it's limited has been exceeded that again this much cannot be given as the example
that I've already given for deep.
It for the big three comma for what we did was we if we gave him zero, then we have to be two, comma
four.
If we gave him one, we have to be two.
Comma V.
If we gave him.
Do we have to be Goma, too?
If we give him three, we have to be to Goma one.
But as you can see, we don't have we are not using the two Gamma Zero vibe because its limit has exceeded.
That means I can only give him three candies to do.
I cannot give him for candies.
I'm not using this.
But here what I'm doing is I'm taking the whole prefix sum.
So this prefix sum in the for the previous row and same column, it contains a bit of example zero for
all of the row.
Right.
So in this I just need to subtract.
Yeah.
In this, I just need to subtract this.
That is due to coma, you know.
And so that's what I said.
A summary some or a fix them.
So what else I practice, I simply save J minus E that means what is the G value?
It is four and what is the maximum?
I can give him three.
So if or minus it is greater than zero.
That means.
The total guarantees offered, and I can give him only three.
I need to subject some particular part of the.
But if some of the above rule or I'll do is I'll simply say it is greater than zero, then I simply
need idea minus.
He goes to DPA minus one day, minus eight, minus one.
Will they?
Because that's how wide this mine isn't because of.
This thing.
That.
Prefix from Edward is equal to prefix of R minus the previous of L minus one eight because j minus eight
needs to be included eight.
That means four minus three in this case, and giving you an example side by side it for minus three
needs to be included, which is equal to one, but for minus three, minus one, which is zero, should
not be included.
Late, but all of that perfect sum now has been subjected.
So I am just getting the perfect sum of this.
Somebody that I want.
Cool.
So.
This was about this problem and still I won't get the right answer because I have not taken model attended
by number seven.
So let's take that now.
It's an x rendered once.
Yeah.
I don't see any problems.
So what's the final answer?
The final answer is deep.
Sorry.
Anchor.
Here it is for you in this case.
Yes.
Take for some of the cases once.
We have zero for this case.
It.
And the thing is that we are optimizing dynamic programming by using dynamic programming.
Okay.
So what is the second inning programming this?
It is prefix sense.
Eight.
What is the complexity of this?
It is nw into Kee MALESKY because these are not nested.
It is a.
And into your black skin, which is and to give you this new kind of complexity to encase what we want.
It will work it.
Yeah.
And of course, guys, this will not work because.
It is exceeding a limit.
And we want a small answer.
Let's take Ahmad.
You're still going to into the cold mode.
It is Monday night in Bliss seven.
And wherever we are doing the calculation, I will simply ignored the P.
Let's not take it over here.
Let's take it after this.
Whenever the idea is being filled.
eBay.
Jay-Z goes to eBay.
De Plus.
MARTIN So as we are subtracting here, we need to like be careful because whenever we see a break,
we add more.
What I'm doing is I'm just taking more.
So adding more and then again, I'll take more.
That's a kind of easier way to do it, so I don't get confused.
This is nothing.
If if the values are negative, it will reduce the negative value to less than than new name b7 then
will add more.
It will give me something positive and then I'm going to take more wood.
So this is kind of.
Instead of taking individual every everybody.
Just take one more.
This type of model.
Right.
And we'll get the final answer.
Is there a problem?
The problem.
I am filling the page here and not here.
But.
So six, six, five, 6326, eight, eight.
Got it.
The thing is, guys, that.
Why am I not digging more over here?
Because here I'm here, I'm adding it.
And we all know that this deep A-minus on values already filled in the previous loop where I've already
taken more.
So the value will be less than ten db over nine, but seven if their values are less than ten to the
over nine plus seven and I'm adding them how many times?
GIDDINGS Four just ended above five.
In the worst case, the value can exceed still standard about 48 and which is easy, which can easily
be taken into integer type if you're not taking it then.
So if you're not looking long, long into for long long, then you can.
Ignored here also.
Well, they let me copy and comment and pick.
We're using the P.
You optimize DP eight so that it works.
Well.
So here we have to speak right from here.
We have started and we are still pondering the lamb and we have not got any wrong answers.
So in the next five days, next problem.
Thank you.